ANS 1- there are 4 types of loop - for, foreach,while , dowhile.

ANS 2- loops are used to iterate some set of statements (repeat set of statements )
 
ANS 3- in for loop everything (initialisation , condition , increment/decrement) has to be done in one/single line 
whereas in while loop we can do initialisation before also but the condition must be there with the syntax and
increment/ decrement can be done inside the loop only.

ANS 4- do while statements execute atleast once , it do not ends with semicolon.
while statements do not execute if the condition gets false, it ends with semicolon. 

ANS 5- a is value here. 

ANS 6- 1 , its an infinite loop 

ANS 7- compilation error(; is not present)

ANS 8- no error/ no output

ANS 9- STATIC METHOD - a method which is directly created with static keyword, it can be directly executed without an object.
classname.functioname;

ANS 10- STATIC VARIABLE - a variable which is declared with static keyword.
	all object will share same memory and same value. 
	to assign a value to static variable, use static constructor.
	it is accessible inside a static function.

ANS 11- STATIC CLASS - a class where all members should be static, declared using static keyword and which can be accessed without creating its object.,
 
ANS 12- STATIC VARIABLE is initialised using using static constructor.

ANS 13- there are 2 types of data types - value type and reference type .
value type -  value in stored in memory , others , store in stack LIFO
reference type-  address is stored in memory of variable name , objects and strings , store in heap 

ANS 14- BOXING - converting value type to reference type or implicit type casting .
        UNBOXING - converting refernce type to value type or explicit type casting.  
 
ANS 15- ARRAY is a collection of homogeneous data which is stored in a single variable with same name and saved sequentially in memory, differentiated using index number.
datatype []arrayname = new datatype[array size].

ANS 16- compilation error(data type mismatch)

ANS 17- STACK AND HEAP stores elements in some manner , stack stores element in a LIFO form whereas heap stores element FIFO.

ANS 18- call by value - when the parameters are pass by values creates separate copy in memory/ calling a function by passing value

ANS 19- call by reference- calling a function by passing address of another memory(reference).

ANS 20- call by value- creating multiple copies of memory, no changes are reflected , not using ref keyword , it is not faster.
call by reference - no copy is created , changes to parameters are reflected , use ref keyword , it is faster.

ANS 21- OUT parameters are used to return multiple values(any data type) from function .
public void cal(int  num1, int num2, out int a , out int b, out int c)

ANS 22- NAMED parameters are used to call function with parameters with a name in any order and can pass parameters in any sequence.

ANS 23- object oriented programming is a programming based on objects , to create real world applications, we use this .

ANS 24- Two important components of OOP - classes and objects 

ANS 25- CLASS is just a blueprint /template . it is a real world entity which exists . it has member data and member functions.
anything which is uniquely identified.

ANS 26- Object is an instance of class .each object has own memory , own value and own copy of member data . 

ANS 27- classname .objectname = new classname();

ANS 28-each object has unique id.
each object can interact with other object using functions calls.
each object exist in some/particular state.

ANS 29- abstraction 
encapsulation
inheritance 
polymorphism

ANS 30- abstraction is extracting relevant information , gathering all requiements

ANS 31- ENCAPSULATION - hiding the (data )background details , showing only essential features .It is implemented through access specifier(private).
(wrapping data and functiins as a package)

ANS 32- inheritance is deriving the parent/base class functionality into child/ dervied class. /reusing an existing class

ANS 33- NO 

ANS 34- There are two types of polymorphism -
run time (dynamic) - abstract classes , virtual functions 
compile time (static) - function overloading , operator overloading 

ANS 35- constructor is a special method that is invoked when instance of that class is created . 
it doesnot have return type ,
it has same name as class name.
its used to initialise the members of the class.

ANS 36- CLR generates the constructor automatically.
classname obj - new classname(){ id = 1, name = "samatha"};

ANS 37 - PROPERTY used to access private members outside the class.

ANS 38- get (return the data) and set(assign the values)

ANS 39 - read only(get)
write only (set)
read and write 

ANS 40-